Updated IIS logging article (#2569)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Troubleshooting/Log-files/index.md

Please be aware when you are enabling IIS logging for the environment the site will have to restart.

Find more information about IIS Logging on [the Official Microsoft Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/configuration/system.webserver/httplogging).

:::note

> IIS Loggin is only available if your project is on a professional plan.

Reviewer: How about we add a link to our pricing plans from here?

```suggestion
IIS Logging is only available if your project is on a Professional plan.

See our [Cloud Pricing plans](https://umbraco.com/umbraco-cloud-pricing/) for more details on various tiers.
```
